= Issue Due Date

Issue Due Date will set the Issue due dates to the due dates of versions or deliverables.  It will also track due date so if a Version's due date is changed, all of it's issues with the same due date will also be changed.

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be downloaded from {Little Stream Software}[https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/projects/redmine-misc/files] or from {GitHub}[http://github.com/edavis10/redmine_issue_due_date]


== Installation and Setup

1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins 
2. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)
3. (optional step) If you would like to convert of the existing issues, backup your database and run the rake task:

    rake issue_due_date_plugin:update_due_dates RAILS_ENV=production

== Usage

The plugin should set the Issue's due date whenever an Issue is saved to be:

* Specific Issue due date or
* Version due date or
* Deliverable due date

The plugin will also hook into Versions so when the versions' due date is updated, all issues assigned to the Version will be updated if they:

* Do not have a due date or
* Have a due date equal to the Version's old date

Example:

Version X due on 2008-01-01 with:

* Issues A (due on 2008-01-01)
* Issue B (due on 2008-02-01)
* Issue C (no due date)

Changing Version X's date to 2008-01-15 will update the due date of:

* Issue A to 2008-01-15. It has the same due date so it's "following" the version.
* Issue C to 2008-01-15. It did not have a due date so it was given the version's due date.
* Issue B's due date will stay 2008-02-01.

When reassigning an issue to a different version, if the issue due date matched the old version date, the issue will change it's due date to match the new version.

Example:

1. I have an issue assigned to Version A with a date that matches Version A
2. If I change the issue to be assigned to Version B, then the date should change to version B's due date.

The same behavior will be for Deliverables, if the +budget_plugin+ is installed.

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer at the Bug Tracker.  The bug tracker is located at  https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com

